Version 3.0.0 Release Candidate (#676)
pysat/pysat: docs/tutorial/tutorial_iteration.rst

   Maximum meridional magnetic perturbation: 21.67 nT on 05 Jan 2010

If you forget to set `bounds`, then each iteration of the "for" loop initiates
a vefi.load() for all locally availble data.

Orbit Iteration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can iterate by orbit as well as day.  To do this, be sure to specify what
type of orbit pysat should use.

.. code:: python

   # Instantiate Instrument object with orbit information
   # C/NOFS has a Low Earth Orbit near the equator
   orbit_info = {'kind': 'longitude', 'index': 'longitude'}
   vefi = pysat.Instrument(inst_module=pysatNASA.instruments.cnofs_vefi,
                           tag='dc_b', orbit_info=orbit_info)

   # Load the first date and set the file bounds for consideration
   vefi.load(date=start)
   vefi.bounds = (start, stop)

   # Iterate over each orbit and save the output
   orbit_strs = list()
   for vefi in vefi.orbits:
       orbit_strs.append(
           out_str.format(max=vefi['dB_mer'].max(),
                          units=vefi.meta['dB_mer', vefi.meta.labels.units]),
			  day=vefi.index[0].strftime('%d %b %Y %H:%M')))

A selection of the output looks like:

> .. code::
>    # Print a selection of the output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code::

   # Print a selection of the output
```

   vefi.load(date=start)
   vefi.bounds = (start, stop)  # `bounds` defaults to all available files

   # Perform the same iteration as the previous block
   for vefi in vefi:
       print(out_str.format(max=vefi['dB_mer'].max(),
                            units=vefi.meta['dB_mer', vefi.meta.labels.units]),
			      day=vefi.index[0].strftime('%d %b %Y'))

You can also set the bounds to be a range of files:

.. code:: python

   # Load the first date and set the file bounds for consideration
   vefi.load(date=start)
   vefi.bounds = (vefi.files[start], vefi.files[stop])

   for vefi in vefi:
       print(out_str.format(max=vefi['dB_mer'].max(),
                            units=vefi.meta['dB_mer', vefi.meta.labels.units]),
			      day=vefi.index[0].strftime('%d %b %Y'))

The output in all the above cases is:

.. code:: ipython

   Maximum meridional magnetic perturbation: 30.79 nT on 01 Jan 2010
   Maximum meridional magnetic perturbation: 33.98 nT on 02 Jan 2010
   Maximum meridional magnetic perturbation: 29.94 nT on 03 Jan 2010
   Maximum meridional magnetic perturbation: 29.63 nT on 04 Jan 2010
   Maximum meridional magnetic perturbation: 21.67 nT on 05 Jan 2010

> If you forget to set `bounds`, then each iteration of the "for" loop initiates
> a vefi.load() for all locally availble data.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, `bounds` is set to the first and last date of the locally available instrument files, all of which are listed in ``vefi.files.files``.
```
